Add pages for Contributor Funding Rounds (#10454)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/contributing/funding-rounds/index.md

---
title: Contributor funding rounds
description: Information hub about funding rounds for ethereum.org contributors
lang: en
---

# Contributor funding rounds {#contributor-funding-rounds}

The [ethereum.org website team](/about/), with sponsorship from the [Ethereum Foundation](https://ethereum.foundation), is excited to be running a series of funding rounds to give back and reward community members who have made impactful contributions!

<ButtonLink href="/contributing/funding-rounds/participating/" mt={8}>How to participate</ButtonLink>

## What for? {#what-for}

> Ethereum.org is currently managed by a core team of ten full-time individuals, but is comprised of contributions from **thousands of contributors** from all over the globe!

Author: Okay yeah, I can adjust this... are we against mentioning the team? I thought it would be nice to frame it with less mystery.

Contributions to ethereum.org have increased significantly in frequency over the past five years. While the vast majority of these contributions have been on a voluntary basis, large portions of the site content **would not have been possible** without this community support, and the core team has been investigating measures to return value to impactful contributors.

<InfoBanner emoji="❤️" my="8">
The goal is to retroactively reward impactful work, while encouraging and creating incentive for everyone to contribute to public goods, including ethereum.org. And of course, to say <strong>thank you</strong>.
</InfoBanner>

[Contributing to ethereum.org](/contributing/)

## The challenge in deciding {#the-challenge-in-deciding}

Deciding _which_ contributions are deserving of financial reward, and _how much_ they should receive, is _challenging_ and _subjective_.

> If a core team member finds a contribution valuable, this doesn't mean others did. Similarly, just because the core team did not appreciate the impact of a particular contribution, this doesn't mean that potentially hundreds of thousands of others didn't find immense value in the addition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a core team member finds a contribution valuable, this doesn't mean others did. Similarly, just because the core team did not appreciate the impact of a particular contribution, this doesn't mean that potentially hundreds of thousands of others didn't find immense value in it.
```

## We need your help! {#we-need-your-help}

> We're taking ourselves out of the decision making, and allowing the community to decide. We need **signal and feedback** from the whole community to know which contributions have been most impactful! As such, ethereum.org will be utilizing Gitcoin's **Allo Protocol** to help distribute the funds in a more democratic way, optimizing for the most human impact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're empowering the community to decide. We need **signal and feedback** from the whole community to know which contributions have been most impactful! As such, ethereum.org will be utilizing Gitcoin's **Allo Protocol** to help distribute the funds in a more democratic way, optimizing for the greatest human impact.
```
